HW2 - Emacs Questions

1.  What does C-v do ?
Scrolls down a full screen.
2.  Which key should you use for Meta ?
Alt key.
3.  What does M-v do ?
Scrolls up a full screen.
4.  What does C-a do ?
Moves the cursor to the beginning of the line it is on.
5.  What does C-e do ?
Moves the cursor to the end of the line it is on.
6.  What does M-< do ?
Moves the cursor to the beginning of the whole text.
7.  What does M-> do ?
Moves the cursor to the end of the whole text.
8.  What does C-g do ?
Stops a command.
9.  What does emacs do when a line of text gets too long for one line on the
    screen ?
The line of the text is continued to the next line and displays a \ at the
 right margin.


    The following is NOT the answer, just an explanation of how you should be
    handling wrapping when writing your code so you conform to the standards:
    This is called wrapping.  When writing code, you should attempt to work in
    an 80-character wide window and avoid letting lines of code or comments
    wrap down to the next line.  Wrapped lines obscure the indentation.  
    Occasionally, wrapping can't be avoided in Python, however comments and
    print statements can always be broken up over several lines.

10. What does C-k do ?
It kills from the cursor position to the end of the line.
11. What does C-y do ?
It yanks back what you recently killed with C-k.
12. How would you kill a large group of lines ?  Typing a whole lot of C-ks
    isn't the right answer.
To kill a large group of lines, you would use
 C-u (number of lines to kill) C-k.




13. What does C-x C-s do ?
Saves the file.
14. What does C-x C-c do ?
Ends the Emacs session.
15. What is the command to use to replace a string with a different string ?
M-x repl s<return>(word you replace)<return>(word you want to use)<return>



16. What kind of file is indicated by a filename surrounded by # signs ?
Auto-save files are surrounded by the # signs.




    When you edit a file with emacs, it saves the previous version of the
    file in your account with a tilde ~ after it.  This is a convenience for
    you in case you made a lot of changes and then decided that the previous
    version was better.  You can just copy that file to start over.


17. What does L350 on the mode line indicate ?
L350 indicates the cursor is on the 350th line of the text.



18. When typing in a Python program, the mode will say Python.  
    How does Emacs know to use that mode automatically ?
Emacs knows what mode to use when when typing in python because of the .py at
the end of the file name. Emacs reads that as a python program and will 
automatically use the mode python.


19. What's cool about C-s ? 
C-s lets you search every word in the text file by each character of a word.
For example, if I type in one letter into the I-search like A it will highlight
every A in the text. If I type App, it will search for every word that has App.




20. What does M-x help <Return> t do ?
It brings up the Emacs Tutorial





    
